
## Requirements

- Git and a development environment are needed.

- The focus is on parsing a Quake game log.



## Tasks

### 3.1. Log Parser

- **Objective**: Create a project to parse the Quake log file generated by a Quake 3 Arena server.

- **Functionalities**:
  - **Read the log file**: Efficiently read through the game log files.
  - **Group game data**: Organize and group data by each match from the log.
  - **Collect kill data**: Extract and process data related to kills within each game.
  - **Handle `<world>` kills**: Implement logic to decrement kill scores when `<world>` causes a death, ensuring `<world>` does not appear in player lists or kill dictionaries.
  - **Total Kills**: Maintain a count of all deaths, including player and world-induced deaths.

### 3.2. Report Generation

- **Objective**: Create a script to print a detailed report for each match, including player rankings.

### 3.3. Enhanced Reporting

- **Objective**: Generate a detailed report of deaths grouped by the cause for each match.

- **Death Causes**: Include various means of death like MOD_SHOTGUN, MOD_RAILGUN, etc., as specified in the Quake source code.

## Examples Provided

- **Kill Data**: Examples of how kills are logged (e.g., "21:42 Kill: 1022 2 22: <world> killed Isgalamido by MOD_TRIGGER_HURT").

- **Grouped Game Data**: Format for how grouped game data should appear (e.g., total kills, list of players, kills per player).


---

>## Note on Unit Testing
>Unit testing was not included as part of the project deliverables as specified in the requirements. Therefore, this project does not contain unit tests. This decision aligns with the provided instructions and project scope.


## Getting Started

To run and test the project, follow these instructions:

### Building the Project

```bash
make build
```
This command compiles the project and creates an executable in the `bin` directory.

### Running the Project

To run the project without race detection:

```bash
make run
```

To run the project with race detection to check for potential concurrency issues:

```bash
make run-race
```

### Cleaning Up

To clean up the binaries:

```bash
make clean
```

### Help

For more information on available commands:

```bash
make help
```
---
